#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Research Proposal
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
One puzzle of particle physics is why there are three families of elementary
 particles.
 One of the goals of flavor physics is to answer this question.
 A possible solution to this question is the idea of flavor symmetry, which
 assumes that there exists certain symmetry among these three generations
 of particles.
 There are many models built based on flavor symmetry and people have chosen
 different groups behind the symmetry.
 Usually these groups are discrete finite group.
 Some popular choice of the groups are 
\begin_inset Formula $A_{4}$
\end_inset

, 
\begin_inset Formula $S_{4}$
\end_inset

, and 
\begin_inset Formula $\Delta(27)$
\end_inset

.
 During the building models, one needs to study the mathematical properties
 of the selected group.
 An important step here is to find the Clebsch Gordan coefficients of the
 group, which determins how the fields of the model are coupled.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
