#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Cover letter
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Dear Editor,
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We would like to request a re-submittion for the manuscript #17-1853.
 The previous submission did not state clearly about what are the new results
 of the work.
 We apologize for the confusion to the editors.
 In order to increase the overall clarity of the paper, we have made revisions
 to the original document and prepared it for a re-submission.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The abstract and introduction are completely rewritten.
 We believe that the new introduction provides a more clear way to explain
 what are the new results of the work.
 To support the re-submission request, we highlight several points from
 the new introduction:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
The Clebsch-Gordan (CG) coefficients of a discrete group can be factored
 into those of its subgroup and factors, which we call the embedding factors.
 A general study of this idea on discrete groups has not been done in the
 literature.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
We provide a definition for the embedding factors and show that they are
 independent of basis transformations.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
We analyze the phase ambiguity of the embedding factor and find a way to
 reduce them.
 The advantage of the way is that, it does not rely on any basis.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Some concrete results are provided.
 We describe a procedure with detailed algorithms to calculate the embedding
 factors.
 We apply the procedure to the group 
\begin_inset Formula $\mathcal{PSL}_{2}\left(7\right)$
\end_inset

.
 We calculate the representation matrices of the group in which the elements
 of its subgroups 
\begin_inset Formula $S_{4}$
\end_inset

 and 
\begin_inset Formula $\mathcal{T}_{7}$
\end_inset

 are block diagonal matrices.
 A complete list of 
\begin_inset Formula $\mathcal{PSL}_{2}\left(7\right)$
\end_inset

 CG coefficients expressed in terms of embedding factors are obtained.
 These results can be used for the model building of particle physics involving
 the groups 
\begin_inset Formula $\mathcal{PSL}_{2}\left(7\right)$
\end_inset

, 
\begin_inset Formula $S_{4}$
\end_inset

, and 
\begin_inset Formula $\mathcal{T}_{7}$
\end_inset

.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We have also made some minor changes.
 The title of the manuscript is changed to 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Clebsch-Gordan coefficients of discrete groups in subgroup bases
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
 The title of some sections are changed as well.
 We hope that the changes will result in a more readable manuscript, and
 would welcome any further suggestions from the editors and referees.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
